a tube tuned in and today I'm gonna be
teaching you guys how did you feel on a
finger work okay now i don't know if
you've seen matt hardy review but like
him I don't have an unlock and I have a
shitty camera so you can't really tell
from landing in that but the heel flip
or you can actually learn before you
have to go folks have really really
really strong wall you're gonna have to
have thick flips down usually people
think that he'll flip out of k club the
board goes in towards you and he'll hook
little bored here is it up everybody
says so much harder hopefully like I'd
say kickflip for me as ears it easier
but announce a new flip chart because
he'll flip I started to do another
surrounding area but when I started
first your heels look I would wrap my
hand around like that like I dolly and
go like that and then let go and just
have the board through that tiny flip
right there and my answer like that and
what you should do is you should
practice that first because that really
helps you get the feeling of it sort of
want to do is you sort of want to pop
when you pop pop the board you're going
to sort of move your hand out like that
I know a lot of people say to pop the
board so it goes like terms towards you
so then you can pop it back out I like
pop it just out just like that okay
because what I do is I pop it out and
the board usually comes out here now
people say if there is right here and
they're going up in your heel so you're
not going to be one of these put them
out there to land on it now it was easy
for me it's sort of just I flip the
board out but bring it back in and catch
it that's how I do it I'm sorry I forgot
about this book
finger placement or finger right there
figure out there and just pop out like
that after you practice going like that
for a while you practice just going out
like that and just not going all right
around but let it flip by itself but put
your hand like really far out like that
and at first that might look really
weird you're not going to want to put it
on sponsor a video but that's going to
help you learn so eventually you'll be
able to go like this anyway no matter
what you're going to see your hand going
out like that but it's not going to be
as drastic it's just going to be a
little bit like that so like this um so
thanks for watching my tutorial on
heelflips and I hope they helped you